EZP-30521: Create support/maintenance-related FAQ section in doc (#616)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/community_resources/support_maintenance_faq.md

#### How can I translate my Back Office?

The language of the Back Office is based on the browser language.
In order to change it you should install the proper package for your language (see [language packages list](https://github.com/ezplatform-i18n)).
Once you have language packages installed, you can switch the language of the Back Office in the User Settings menu.

If you do not have a language defined in the browser, it will be selected based on the `parameters.locale_fallback` parameter located in `default_parameters.yml`.

To read more about language managing in eZ Platform, see the following doc pages:

- [Back Office languages](https://doc.ezplatform.com/en/latest/guide/internationalization/#back-office-languages)
- [Setting up multi-language SiteAccesses and corresponding translations](https://doc.ezplatform.com/en/latest/cookbook/setting_up_multi_language_siteaccesses/)

#### How can I apply patches to the installation?

The easiest way to apply patch to your project is using unix [patch](http://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man1/patch.1.html) command. Remember to clear the cache afterwards!

> As an alternative, you can use [composer-patches](https://github.com/cweagans/composer-patches). You can apply patches received from eZ Support, community or the others using your `composer.json` file. All you need is to specify which package will receive patches and give the path/URL to the actual file. This should be done inside `extra` section. Packages which should receive patches will be removed during `composer update` or `composer require` so they can be re-installed and re-patched. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an alternative to manually applying the patch, you can use [composer-patches](https://github.com/cweagans/composer-patches). You can apply patches received from eZ Support, community or the others using your `composer.json` file and check that in with your `composer.lock` defining versions you are on. All you need is to specify which package will receive patches and give the path/URL to the actual file. This should be done inside `extra` section. Packages which should receive patches will be removed during `composer update` or `composer require` so they can be re-installed and re-patched. 
```

Might also be possible to drop `All you need is to specify which package will receive patches and give the path/URL to the actual file. This should be done inside `extra` section. Packages which should receive patches will be removed during `composer update` or `composer require` so they can be re-installed and re-patched.`

> When upgrading to the release that already contains specified patches, composer will throw an error alongside message that they cannot be applied and will be skipped. They can be manually removed from `composer.json` now. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When updating to the release that already contains specified patches, composer will throw an error alongside message that they cannot be applied and will be skipped _([this is configurable](https://github.com/cweagans/composer-patches#error-handling))_. They can be manually removed from `composer.json` now.
```

> The errors thrown during patching process could be handled differently, please refer to [error handling section](https://github.com/cweagans/composer-patches#error-handling). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

# Support and Maintenance FAQ

> This page contains answers for most common questions and tips around support and maintenance,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This page contains answers to most common questions and tips around support and maintenance,
```

related to the code which generates the problem.

#### What are the recommended ways to increase my project's performance?

The most important clues around increasing overall performance of your eZ Platform-based project can be found in [the Performance documentation page](../guide/performance.md).

#### How can I translate my Back Office?

The language of the Back Office is based on the browser language.
In order to change it you should install the proper package for your language (see [language packages list](https://github.com/ezplatform-i18n)).
Once you have language packages installed, you can switch the language of the Back Office in the User Settings menu.

If you do not have a language defined in the browser, it will be selected based on the `parameters.locale_fallback` parameter located in `default_parameters.yml`.

To read more about language managing in eZ Platform, see the following doc pages:

- [Back Office languages](../guide/internationalization/#back-office-languages)
- [Setting up multi-language SiteAccesses and corresponding translations](../cookbook/setting_up_multi_language_siteaccesses/)

#### How can I apply patches to the installation?

> The easiest way to apply a patch to your project is using the Unix [`patch`](http://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man1/patch.1.html) command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The easiest way to apply a patch to your project is by using the Unix [`patch`](http://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man1/patch.1.html) command.
```

Remember to clear the cache afterwards.

As an alternative to manually applying the patch, you can use [composer-patches](https://github.com/cweagans/composer-patches).

> You can apply patches received from eZ Support, community or the others using your `composer.json` file

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can apply patches received from eZ Support, community or the others by using your `composer.json` file.
```

> and check that in with your `composer.lock` defining versions you are on.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For checking the versions you are on, refer to your `composer.lock`.
```

```

- clearing the Symfony cache manually

```bash
rm -rf var/cache/*
```

!!! caution "Clearing cache manually"

    Manual cache clearing should be executed with caution.
    `rm -rf var/cache/*` wipes all the files and unlike `cache:clear` doesn't warm up the cache.
    It results in a significant performance drop on first request, so it shouldn't be called on a production environment.
    Besides, it could lead to issues with file ownership after running `cache:clear` as a root.

#### Where should I place my configuration files?

In order to avoid merge conflicts on important configuration settings during upgrades,
moving as much as possible of your configuration to your own files can be a good idea.

There are two basic approaches to achieving that goal:

1. All project-specific parameters should be kept in separate files,
e.g. configuration for Landing Page Blocks could be placed in `landing_page_blocks.yml` which should be imported in `app/config/config.yml`:

    ```yaml
    imports:
        - { resource: landing_page_blocks.yml }
    ```

2. The same configuration could be moved to your bundle e.g. `AppBundle/Resources/config/landing_page_blocks.yml`.

> In case of doubts follow suggestions from [Configuration documentation](../guide/configuration.md)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information, see [Configuration documentation](../guide/configuration.md)
```

- [Back Office languages](https://doc.ezplatform.com/en/latest/guide/internationalization/#back-office-languages)
- [Setting up multi-language SiteAccesses and corresponding translations](https://doc.ezplatform.com/en/latest/cookbook/setting_up_multi_language_siteaccesses/)

#### How can I apply patches to the installation?

> The easiest way to apply patch to your project is using unix [patch](http://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man1/patch.1.html) command. You should execute it from the directory which is dedicated for particular package e.g. `vendor/ezsystems/ezplatform-admin-ui`. Before running it, we advise to test the patch file using `--dry-run` parameter to see what files will be modified. It is also good to prepare a backup of those files. Below there is an example call.

Reviewer: do we need to cover use of patch?
1. this people can figure out themselves if they don't know how to deal with patches. 2. the real value comes when using composer-patches as it then has conventions that allows you to check it in to your code of your project code _(root meta repo based)_, and drop it once you do composer update and pull in release that already has the patch (in the same commit)

Author: @andrerom please take a look at https://github.com/ezsystems/developer-documentation/pull/616/commits/c0735ba0bf09b42309df500d7972db473c4526d6 and let me know if this is what you have in mind.
